.TH COSMIC.VOYAGE 1 "20 Nov 2018"
.SH NAME
cosmic.voyage - humanity's stellar diaspora
.SH DESRIPTION
.PP
.B cosmic.voyage
is a public access unix system (pubnix) and part of the tilde
(tildeverse) community of micro-instances offering free shell
accounts. It exists primarily to author and promote
a collaborative science-fiction universe. A secondary goal is the
promotion of command-line skills in *nix systems. The use of plain
text tools and command line interfaces is both a thematic choice
and technical practice.
.SH STORY
Our users write stories as the people aboard ships, colonies, and
outposts, using the only remaining free, interconnected network
that unites the dispersed peoples of the stars.
.PP
The
.B Quantum Entanglement Communicator
or
.B QEC
is the a device that bridges the vast distances of space with near-
instantaneous communication. Unfortunately, it provides only
a limited bandwidth to the ancient relay hub in the SOL system. It
is enough for only simple, plain-text messaging.
.PP
The ships in our story have all left Earth behind at different
times, and in some cases they've left from different realities.
The QEC bridges all these gaps, uniting ships across time and
space in the strangest of ways. Records are stored chronologically
on the relay hub as they are received, but their source
transmissions are often wildly out of sync.
.SH GETTING STARTED
.PP
New users are greeted with a welcome email upon the creation of
their account that provides information on creating a ship, the
structure of files and folders, and instructions for creating logs
to the QEC. This welcome email can be read using the programs
.B alpine
or
.B mutt.
.PP
New users may also find it useful to use the interactive menu
system by running the 
.B menu
command.
.PP
Finally, users may find up-to-date comprehensive guides on the
system wiki by running the
.B wiki
command.
.SH BUGS
There are probably many bugs in this system. Please report
anything you find by mailing 
.B tomasino@cosmic.voyage 
or finding us on irc.tilde.chat in the #cosmic room.
.SH AUTHOR
Cosmic Voyage was created by James Tomasino, but the works of
fiction for each ship are the results of the individual authors on
this system. Run the
.B roster
command to see who is responsible for each ship.
